Jeju reaches beef schnitzel with little
zucchini wedges hi and welcome to cheeky
reaches a beef schnitzel we're going to
show you how to turn this beautiful
organic lean beef schnitzel into a
delicious crumb dish and serve it with a
fresh garden salad from our garden I've
showed you how to do the bread crumbs in
a previous video ingredients are listed
in the recipe box below so let's get
started the first thing that we're going
to do is just with our exes slightly
they are going to be the glue that holds
our crumbs onto our beef just give that
a little whisk around and then we're
going to tip that into a flat plate so
we're just using a pasta plate there and
put that on one side now we're just got
a plessy bag without any holes in it
we're going to add our flour to that our
veggie salt and our freshly cracked
pepper give that a little shake around
and that is what we're going to dredge
our meeting to assist Oh crumbs in
sticking now bread crumbs are going into
a flat plate now I subscribe to the wet
hand dry hand theory so there's only
four slices of bread here which is far
too much for what we're doing there's
enough there that we can freeze using a
pudding or make stuffing for a chicken
or a pocket of beef just put that to one
side as well to tenderize our meat we're
just going to lay it onto our board and
give it a bit of a hard time and I'm
pleased to announce Ben mystery of the
missing meat mallet has been solved so
we're just going to cover this with the
worst plastic wrap on earth stuff is so
thin and so ridiculous I can't believe
they're still in a caterer suppliers
because I have its flavouring just peel
that off now turn this over and do the
same thing on there
side now you don't to read a newspaper
through this but you do want to turn
around it we're gonna cut these pieces
of beef into half and they would be a
lot easier to manage back onto our tree
what's up our board immediately to give
it meat you something okay yeah flowers
well mixed with our Fiji salt and pepper
we're just going to drop our pieces of
beef in there and give it a good shake
around we want every surface to be
rolled rich with our flour doing it in a
plastic bag like that it contains a lot
of the mess provided of course your
plastic bag isn't compromised by a hole
and that's what you should have so we're
gonna just drop that into our egg turn
it over well wet with the beaten egg no
dry bits because obviously the crumbs
won't stick to drive it's quite slippery
lifted out and we're going to lower it
once it's drained off a bit straight
into our fresh breadcrumbs I'm just
using one hand put that in there like so
pop our crumbs over the top if you've
got one wet hand and one dry hand you
won't end up with really really blobby
fingers just press your crumbs on well
and we're going to put this in the
fridge for about 10 to 20 minutes just
so those crumbs and that egg mixture can
get to know each other well pristine and
that's what you should have and continue
with the rest
while our stencils been having a little
rest in the fridge we've just prepared
our fresh garden salad with most of the
ingredients from our garden
okay over medium heat we're going to add
our rice bran oil now and now without
creating a pan you're just going to love
it we're going to cook it until it's
nicely browned on each side turning it
once only and then draining it on some
paper towel
and top the next pieces in it's
important not to overcrowd the pan
because if you do they will go soggy and
you won't end up with a nice crisp
schnitzel
now with our remaining oil we've got our
zucchinis that we've sliced we just pop
those into our egg they've just got a
little bit of seasoned flour rich on
them shake off any excess it doesn't
matter if it's not a complete coating of
egg so you don't overcrowd that either
let's turn those over and pop them
carefully into that now all you do is
cook the coating on this I don't
actually mind if the zucchinis are nice
and crisp in fact I prefer they would be
they're so fresh out of a gardener
actually warm ideal accompaniment for
this dish with some wedges of lemon or
lime and that's all the waste you have
of the egg and then your tiny bit of
waste on flour as well so don't try to
reuse this this is for the bean okay
when that coating is starting to brown a
bit there will be a few crumbs stuck to
it from the schnitzel don't worry about
that I heard you sort of like almost
like an eggy zucchini on it tastes a lot
better than it looks and it's all been
quite a bit of better world so again
there's not less waste just take care
through Keeney wedges out now sprinkle
those with a little extra veggie salt
these are actually perfect as as tappers
as well and they have a cheeky richer's
beef schnitzel with a crunchy fresh
garden salad some crusty fresh bread and
a bottle of wine
cheeky rich nozbe schnitzel with
zucchini wedges okay shall we
you did thanks for watching